  The main strugle that I encountered when first starting this project was that I had to translate one semester worth of C++ knowledge into Python. Although it was "easier" and more
close to being a language that you can read and get the idea, I found myself not really appreciating that as much as I thought I would. Though as I got more accustumed to using 
it I was able to see the appeal. One of the issues that I was not able to figure out currently was when it came to excluding certain text. My original idea was to grab
jobs off of indeed, which has more information about the job and salary, but I was not able to grab the title of the job without also grabbing a subtext that said "new" for
all jobs that happend to be freshly place on indeed. My work around that was to just not use indeed and to go with monster.com which has a bit of a simpler page to grab the
information from. My advice to any student who wants to do something similar would be to make sure that you ask questions. When I felt like I was stuck and that I couldn't 
figure out what was next I always felt comfort in knowing that I could ask someone for their take on it or even the professor's help, which was invaluable.

  I think the most fun part of this project was something that wasn't really implemented in my project per se, but happend as a result when thinking about different ways we could
have gone with it. We used selenium and some other libraries that were able to interact with javascript and push buttons and search different pages until it found what we were
looking for, which was amazing. For me the most difficult aspect of this project was just understanding how we use variables in Python. Since writing Python is simpler and
flowed easier than C++ I often overlooked where certain variables where placed/created and I ended spending time trying to see where I had placed it when it had been right in front of me the
whole time and I had just not noticed. In the future I would improve on this by fully grasping what I need to do to have it work on indeed and from there I would implement:
Salary, date since job was posted, job skills, and education requirements.

link to gif: https://github.com/HSU-S21-CS232/P01-mc683/blob/main/p01.gif
